Add information about `patch()` in Mock (#31)
datamade/testing-guidelines: intermediate-python-testing.md

Tantalizing, right? 

### Getting started

#### `patch()`

> `patch()` is the main method that allows you to replace a dependency with a mock. There are two main ways to use this method -- as a decorator or as a context manager.

Reviewer: Could you add a link to the docs here?

As a decorator, `@patch()` can be used on a testing class or a single test function. The mock that it creates will live for the duration of the class or function. Once the test (or all the tests in the class, as the case may be) is complete, the mock is cleaned up and any other tests will use the real dependency instead of the mock. For example, as a class decorator:

```python
@patch('path.to.patched_dependency')
class SomeClass:
    def first_test(self, patched_dependency):
        # do the things in the first test using the mock
        pass

    def second_test(self, patched_dependency):
        # do the things in the second test using the mock
        pass
```

Or as a method decorator:
```python

class SomeClass:
    @patch('path.to.patched_dependency')
    def first_test(self, patched_dependency):
        # do the things in the first test using the mock
        pass
```

As a context manager, `patch()` allows your mock to be scoped to just part of a function, like this:
```python
def first_test(self):

>     patched_dependency.return_value = "this is what I expect"

Reviewer: Seems like this example may be missing a line that defines `patched_dependency`?

    with patch('path.to.patched_dependency') as patched_dependency:
        # do the things in the first test using the mock
    pass
```

#### Useful arguments

Part of a mock object's magic is that it does not necessarily behave like the object it's patching. For example, any attribute you call on your mock pops into existence by virtue of being called, even if it doesn't exist on the real dependency. While this can be helpful at times, mock objects can be more useful if they throw errors, return values, and otherwise behave like the objects, functions, or other dependencies they temporarily replace. 

> You can pass certain arguments into the `patch()` method which allow you to set attributes on the mock object that allow you to more closely mimic the behavior of the dependency you want to temporarily replace.

Reviewer: This is a long sentence! How about this?

```suggestion
You can configure mocks to more closely mimic the behavior of the dependency you want to replace by passing a few simple arguments to the `patch()` method.
```

> `spec`, `auto_spec`, `set_spec` are arguments you can pass into `patch()` that allow the created mock to have the same attributes as the original dependency.

Reviewer: A link to mock or pytest-mock documentation on these arguments would be very helpful!

- `autospec` can copy the attributes of the mocked object’s attributes as well
- `spec_set` makes sure you can’t make attributes that don’t already exist. That is, it limits your mock’s ability to be a blank in your code by confining the attributes your mock can have to be only attributes your mocked object already has

For example, say we have an instance of a class, `class_instance` that has an attribute `real_attribute`, and we are trying to patch `class_instance`. We could make a mock that also has an attribute `real_attribute` (by using `spec` or `autospec`), but does not have an attribute `fake_attribute` (by using `spec_set`) like this:

``` python
def first_test(self):
    mock_instance = patch('path.to.class_instance', spec=True, spec_set=True)
```

The mock also has couple of other useful attributes:
- `return_value`, which gives your mock's attribute a value. Since mock objects do not necessarily mimic the original dependency, this can be very helpful
- `side_effect` allows you to make an attribute throw an error or, if you use a callable like a function or class, it returns the value of that callable

> #### Lessons learned

Reviewer: Let's make this its own section:

```suggestion
### Lessons learned
```

Here are a few of our own hard-won lessons from early mock use.

> ##### Mock methods where they're used, not defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Mock methods where they're used, not defined.
```

mock_handle.return_value = mocked_class
```

> #### `patch()` ####

Reviewer: Can you add a subitem to the top navigation for this section?

Reviewer: Actually, it might be nice to move this up, so the mock section is structured like:

```
Mock

    1. What is mock? (new heading)
        mock is a unittest submodule that allows you to remove external dependencies from your test suite... Tantalizing, right?

    2. Getting started (Your section)
        A. patch()
        B. Useful arguments
        C. Lessons learned
            Here are a few of our own hard-won lessons from early mock use... here are a few of our own hard-won lessons from early mock use.
        D. Next steps
            You can also use mock to raise exceptions to test error handling... For more on how to use mock, see the quickstart in the mock documention, as well as this excellent tutorial.

    3. requests-mock
```

Are you comfortable doing this reorg?

`patch()` is the main method that allows you to replace a dependency with a mock. There are two main ways to use this method -- as a decorator or as a context manager.

> As a decorator, `@patch()` can be used on a testing class or a single test function. The mock that it creates will live for the duration of the class or function. Once the test (or all the tests in the class, as the case may be) is complete, the mock is cleaned up and any other tests will use the real dependency instead of the mock.

Reviewer: Care to add an example code snippet here?

> As a context manager, `patch()` allows your mock to be scoped to just part of a function.

Reviewer: An example would be great here, too!

##### Useful mock object attributes #####

Part of a mock object's magic is that it does not necessarily behave like the object it's patching. For example, any attribute you call on your mock pops into existence by virtue of being called, even if it doesn't exist on the real dependency. While this can be helpful at times, mock objects can be more useful if they throw errors, return values, and otherwise behave like the objects, functions, or other dependencies they temporarily replace. 

> Both the `patch()` method and the mock object itself have attributes that allow you to more closely mimic the behavior of the dependency you want to temporarily replace.

Reviewer: A note on attributes vs. arguments: 

`spec`, `autospec`, and `spec_set` are arguments – that is, values passed to the `patch()` method – that determine attributes of the mock instance, but aren't stored as attributes of the mock.

`return_value` and `side_effect` are arguments, too, but they're also attributes of the initialized mock – that is, you can access them from your mock instance. 

Does that make sense?

`spec`, `auto_spec`, `set_spec` are mock object attributes that allow the mock that was created to have the same specifications (aka, attributes) as the original dependency.
- `spec` only goes so far as to copy the attributes of the mocked object itself
- `auto_spec` can copy the attributes of the mocked object’s attributes as well
- `spec_set` makes sure you can’t make attributes that don’t already exist. That is, it limits your mock’s ability to be a blank in your code by confining the attributes your mock can have to be only attributes your mocked object already has

> A couple of other useful attributes are:

Reviewer: Some examples would be great in this section, as well!

    # test things were done as expected
```

> ##### Mocking classes is unconventional, but not impossible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Mocking classes is unconventional, but not impossible.
```

mock_handle.return_value = mocked_class
```

> #### Next steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Next steps
```
